hey what's up guys California
collectibles here I just want to show
you this really quick hopefully I don't
take too long I just want to show what I
got in the mail from midtown comics take
a look at that beautiful cover Jane and
Spidey done by Jay Scott Campbell it's
the Midtown comics very of 700 there you
go um I'm just making this video to
remember the comic because um I just
wasn't happy the way midtown distributed
my comic usually when i get stuff from
midtown they arrive in mint condition or
near mint condition but in this case
craziest thing was like the corners you
see that cut right there and there's
another there's a smaller cut on this
end and there was a slight bend in the
well we can't see it but there's a bend
right here on the on the spine and this
specific issue is going for a lot of
money on ebay right now this is a very
sought out comic book because they were
limited in printing and it's just a
beautiful cover making this video to
remember this comic because i just sold
it on ebay because i got so frustrated
with midtown i think i'm even gonna stop
ordering from midtown um after my next
midtown bear comes in because this is
very frustrating um when you order
really nice things and I waited I I back
i pre-ordered it about a month ago and I
waited and waited and I finally got it
in the mail and arrived kind of damage
so um out of frustration I put on ebay
and i sold it made some good money so um
off to bigger and better things I'm
gonna miss it a lot I'm gonna show you
guys one last time one miss it a lot but
you know what
I'm happy I got um the right amount that
it's worth just such a nice cover I'll
probably find it in the future for about
10 bucks or something like that about 50
bucks i'm i'm pretty sure that it's
going to be at the highest value today
then it will be next year sir alright
guys thank you so much for watching feel
free to like comment and subscribe i'll
see you guys next time peace